[Music]
if you've ever dreamed of having a sharp
eye for detail just like Sherlock Holmes
then today's your lucky day we're about
to put your skills to the test
only the 4% most attentive can spot all
the mistakes can you here we have a
picture of a seemingly normal day on the
farm but if you look a little closer
you'll notice that it has 25 mistakes in
it you have one minute to study the
drawing carefully and try to find all
the mistakes if this time still isn't
enough pause the video for as long as
you need and here's a helpful tip pay
close attention to the logic of what's
happening in the picture there are a lot
of small details that just couldn't
exist in reality you can start by
checking out that field alright your
time starts now good luck detective
[Music]
how are you doing
have you already spotted tons of
mistakes are you having some trouble
have you checked the house the animals
the field you can do this you must be
finishing up by now right
was it a piece of cake or way over your
head if you think you found all 25 great
job if you struggled a bit it's okay no
matter which boat you're in we'll check
your answers here in a bit one let's
start with the weather anomaly in the
picture the wind is blowing in different
directions at the same time the smoke
from the chimney is going to the right
well the trees on the left of the
picture are blowing to the left number
two speaking of trees can you tell what
season it is probably not since some of
the trees have bright green summery
leaves while others are leafless as if
it's the dead of winter
number three since we're still looking
at the trees did you notice anything
strange about that tallest one there
looks like it's stole a branch from a
completely different type of tree number
four at the beginning of the video we
gave you a little clue to check out the
field and that's because it's got tons
of weird-looking stuff going on
for example the crops are being seated
and harvested at the same time number
five the next logic defying mistake in
the field has to do with the horse did
you notice that it's walking in the
direction of the already plod field yet
the ground behind it is untouched so is
the horse walking backwards or something
number six keep your eyes on the horse
because there's another anomaly if you
know anything about farming you
understand there has to be a person to
hold the plow but here we see nobody
number seven actually we can't see
somebody but not behind the plow there's
a man with a hay cart but it's way too
big in comparison with him how's the
poor guy supposed to pull that thing
when he's barely taller than the wheel
number eight so we talked about how the
season in this picture is out of whack
but at least some of the trees are green
which means there must be something
growing in the fields right nope
only dead leafless trees number nine
there's also something funky going on
with the Sun you'll notice this if you
take a gander at the elderly man and the
dog or more precisely at their shadows
they fall to different sides
number ten you'll see another problem
connected with shadows if you look at
the gate its shadow is also falling to a
different side than the man's and the
dogs plus why is it all wavy like that
number eleven keep your eyes on the gate
and its shadow
well the gate has five horizontal rails
its shadow only has four number twelve
not to mention why is it that only the
man the dog and the gate have shadows
none of the other objects in the picture
have one number thirteen one more thing
that seems to be wrong with a gate is
the absence of any hinges to open it it
just looks like a section of the fence
number fourteen as long as we've started
talking about the fence it's a little
bit unusual how the bushes are growing
right on top of it the plants seem to
have absolutely no contact with the
ground number fifteen plus the whole
idea of a fence is to keep people out
right
this fence seems a little unsafe and
unreliable since it protects only one
side of the yard maybe they help
burglars won't approach from the other
side number sixteen now draw your
attention to the house looks like the
artist left out one very important
detail whoever lives here has some
lovely steps to walk up and down their
house though the wall that the steps
lead to there's no door
17 who knows maybe the inhabitants of
this house enter through the windows and
they must not care about the curtains
hanging on them since they're hanging on
the outside under the elements 18
if the nice elderly man lives in this
house
he must have a hard time getting in
through those tiny little windows did
you notice how big he is compared to the
size of the house he can touch the roof
with his head 19 another mismatch in
sizes is connected with the dog and the
Sheep
that's either a world-record-setting dog
or those sheep are teeny-tiny 20 on the
topic of these bite size sheep the one
closest to the viewer is missing a leg
and the poor thing doesn't even have a
prothesis and why does this sheep to the
right have a long black tail perhaps
it's a wolf in sheep's clothing 22
taking all the Sheep into consideration
you'll agree that they get smaller way
too fast in the given perspective unless
the ones in the back are lamps
itsy-bitsy lambs of our teeny tiny sheep
23 looks like the wheelbarrow is missing
a wheel and a handle so if it only has
one wheel how come it doesn't fall over
not to mention it would get really
annoying walking around that old broken
wheelbarrow just sitting in the way
every time you take the hate of the barn
24 there's something off about the lake
in the distance don't you think that's
because it's situated higher than the
horizon
25 the chimney on the roof is made out
of the same material as the roof itself
and that just won't do so how many
mistakes did you manage the spot go on
and toot your own horn in the comments
below share this video with your friends
and compare your results don't forget to
give us a like and subscribe to our
channel you'll find a lot of interesting
stuff on the bright side
[Music]